>> Welcome to House
of Well-Being.
You're listening to the
Hypnobirthing Hypnotherapy
audio.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
In a moment, the hypnosis will
begin, but before it does,
I'd like to remind you that
the following audio contains
powerful hypnotic suggestions
that aim to help you reach
a deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure you're in
a safe and comfortable place,
free from distractions, where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, lie back, and
let go, and really enjoy
the peaceful feelings and
benefits that come with it.
I'd like you now to
imagine that you're
in a beautiful garden
with colorful flowers
and immaculate manicured lawns.
The sun is shining, and
the sky is a clear blue.
The temperature is
just how you like it,
and there's a cool breeze.
There's no pollen
in the air at all,
and you feel happy
and comfortable
in the clean, fresh, pure air.
You take a look around you
at all the beautiful colors,
and you hear the sounds of
the birds singing overhead.
You're calm and relaxed here,
and you feel safe and secure.
And I'd like you now to
take in a deep breath.
And as you breathe out, you can
relax deeper and deeper now.
You take a gentle walk
around the garden,
and you're barefoot as you walk.
You can feel the lush
green grass underfoot,
and you walk towards
some beautiful flowers.
And as you get nearer, you can
smell that beautiful fragrant
scent.
The colors are magnificent,
and they grow brighter
as you approach them.
And now taking another
long, deep breath,
and as you inhale the
rich fragrance in,
you relax even deeper as
you exhale, gently now.
You take another stroll
around the garden,
and you find a pathway
leading down to a beach.
You follow the path, stepping
down easily onto the wide steps
beneath you.
As you go deeper and deeper,
you relax more and more
with every step you take.
And you soon reach the
beautiful beach, which is empty,
and it has a golden sand,
like a fine powder underfoot.
You enjoy the feeling of soft,
powdery sand beneath your feet,
and you take a look
out at the horizon.
You take in the
vastness of the sea,
and you watch as the
waves rhythmically
roll in and out again, one after
the other, gentle, rhythmic
waves rolling towards the
beach and back out again,
the sound of the waves
peaceful and reassuring.
You feel a sense
of calm and peace
as the sun gently shines down
on you with a warm sea air
gently sweeping over you.
As you walk across the
beach, you feel your feet
sinking further into the sand,
leaving a delicate footprint
behind you as you walk onwards,
relaxing deeper and deeper
with every step you take.
And as you reach the sea's
edge, the waves gently rolling
in and out, you notice how
your feet sink down deeper
than before into the wet sand.
You feel the water gently
lap at your ankles,
and it's warm and
inviting as you
let your toes test the water
with every wave that rolls in
and back out again.
And after a while,
when you're ready,
you walk back up the beach,
and there's a lovely deck chair
waiting just for you on
the sand under an umbrella,
offering just the
right amount of shade.
You take a seat, and
you relax deeply now.
You take in a deep
breath, and take
in your beautiful surroundings
as you gently exhale now.
You look out at the
calming sea again,
and you notice the sky, a clear,
blue sky without a cloud in it.
And you're feeling so
relaxed now as you sit
and relax comfortably and
deeply in your deck chair.
As you rest in that chair,
you can allow your mind
to imagine a staircase,
a beautiful staircase
with polished ornate
banister running down
alongside a deep
rich carpet that
feels soft to the touch
underneath your bare feet.
As you look down the
stairs, you notice
that there are 10 steps leading
gently down, 10 steps leading
gently down and down.
And these are the steps
that will lead you
into deep relaxation,
giving you access
to that powerful
subconscious, allowing
you to make those changes
that you want to make today.
In a moment, I'd like you to
walk down those steps with me,
and I'll count them off
for you one at a time.
And you'll find that
the deeper down you go,
the more comfortable and the
more relaxed you'll become.
So when you're ready to
walk down the stairs,
I want you to gently place
your hand onto the banister
and begin to slowly descend the
staircase as I count them off
from 10 to 1.
Ten, deeply relaxed,
deeply comfortable.
Nine, deeply relaxed,
Eight, more and
more relaxed now,
sinking even further
into relaxation.
Seven, deeply comfortable,
feeling every muscle release
as you go deeper and deeper.
Six, five, even further into
your deep state of relaxation
now.
Four, allowing
your mind and body
to fully relax as you sink
further into deep relaxation.
Three, comfortable, heavy, any
tension completely gone now.
Two, almost at the bottom now--
just one more step to go.
And one, going deeper
and deeper down now
to hypnosis, all the way down
to that deeper, healthier level
of mind, deeper than
you've ever been.
And as you reach the
bottom of the staircase,
letting go of the
banister, you let
go of any worries or concerns.
This is your time, and you let
nothing bother or concern you
at all.
Nobody needs or wants
anything from you.
And you're now standing at
the bottom of those steps,
feeling so very comfortable,
very relaxed and at peace.
You can allow those stairs and
that ordinary everyday world
to just fade away, further
and further away now.
As you sit deeply into the
comfortable relaxing state
deeply inside of you,
your subconscious
mind still fully
alert and aware,
but you're ready for the
changes about to come.
And now that you're in
this deeply relaxed state,
we're going to focus
on your feelings
about the birth of your baby.
And I'd like you
to see yourself,
and you're in the
birthing process.
You're relaxed and happy, and
your baby is soon to arrive.
As your labor
advances, you go deeper
into your sense of relaxation.
And the deeper you relax,
the more your muscles
can release, allowing your
body to do what it's designed
to do with much more comfort.
Each contractional surge will
bring you deeper and deeper,
allowing your mind to
shut out all distraction
and to drift into that place
where your body and your baby
are working in complete harmony.
Muscles releasing
with this relaxation,
allowing your muscles to work
together much more comfortably.
You have the
ability to stay calm
and relaxed as your
mind is relaxed
and your body is relaxed.
You allow yourself
to focus solely
on your body and your baby.
You remember to
breathe correctly,
depending on what stage you're
at within the birthing process.
Gentle breaths in and
out, between your surges,
between your contractions,
and during your surges,
long breaths in,
filling your abdomen,
and long, slow,
gentle breaths out.
Long, steady, powerful
breaths in and out.
Controlled focused breathing.
And, of course, long,
deep breaths down
when you're birthing, powerful
breaths nudging the baby down
further and further with
each downward breath,
with each expulsive surge.
You trust that your body
knows exactly what to do,
and you remember that your
body's designed to give birth,
your muscles working
in complete harmony
to make birthing easier.
Remembering your
breathing techniques
again in between
your contractions,
just gentle breaths in and out.
During your contractions,
long, slow breaths
in, long, slow breaths out.
And when you're fully
dilated, and you're birthing,
long, powerful,
deep breaths down,
focusing on down breathing.
Trusting in your body to
know exactly what to do,
remembering that your body
is designed to give birth.
And the more you
listen to this audio,
the more you're practicing
being able to get
into this relaxed state
and the more you'll
be able to relax during
your labor and birth,
allowing the muscles to
work in complete harmony
to make birthing much easier.
You have complete
inner calm, and you're
able to maintain this throughout
every stage of your labor.
You stay focused and
calm on your journey
to hospital, confident and
excited that your baby is soon
to arrive.
You're aware of the
support around you,
and you know that you can
trust in your birthing partner
to care for you at
this special time.
You allow each surge,
each contraction
to take you deeper and deeper,
long, slow breaths in and out.
And perhaps to encourage
your cervix to dilate,
you visualize a flower
opening slowly and gently,
opening outwards,
just like your cervix,
one petal at a time, slowly
and gently, one by one,
wider and wider.
You allow and understand
that your body is designed
to give birth the
way nature intended,
and you trust in your body
to work just as it should.
You're relaxed and happy that
your baby's coming to you,
and you're excited to meet
your little one eagerly
waiting for you.
You give yourself time to
rest in between surges,
meaning you have renewed
energy and stamina for as
long as your body needs.
By breathing deeply, as
you've been practicing,
you'll be providing your baby
with plenty of healthy oxygen.
Your body will
know when the time
is right to move, breathe,
and rest, and provide
just the right
support for your baby.
Each surge having a purpose,
each surge taking you deeper,
each surge bringing
your baby closer to you,
you allow yourself to drift
off into your special place
in the quiet of your mind, your
special safe, private place
where you feel comfortable,
deeply relaxed and at ease.
You remember that
you've made preparations
so that your muscles
are soft and flexible,
pliable and loose,
meaning your baby emerges
smoothly and easily, just
as you've visualized.
You trust in your body
to know what to do.
You visualize your cervix
opening like a flower,
gently opening outward,
getting larger and larger,
gently opening, allowing
your baby to ease down.
You've chosen to birth in the
most calm, serene, and natural
way that you can imagine.
And your imagination is more
present now than ever before.
And you see your
birthing play out now.
Again, see your cervix opening
more and more, wider and wider,
opening the way to a
gentle fluid calm birth,
just like a flower with the
petals opening wider and wider,
getting larger and larger,
allowing plenty of room
for your baby to emerge.
In this very deep
state of relaxation,
your body releases
endorphins much more easily,
releasing, breathing with each
slow downward breath, your body
slowly and gradually opening the
way to a welcoming birth path.
You feel confident,
safe, and secure.
You see your baby
positioned perfectly
for a gentle, comfortable
birth, and your baby
emerges easily and gently, and
you're excited and confident.
As a result of this birth
preparation experience,
you feel much more
confident now.
You feel mentally and
physically prepared and excited
that your special day
is soon to arrive.
You're positive and optimistic
about the birth of your baby,
and every day, your nerves
become stronger and steadier.
You're feeling
strong and empowered
and looking forward to
a wonderful, calm, safe,
and gentle birth.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind,
and they'll become
more and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from 1 to 5
to awaken you.
And at the count of five, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling
fantastic, bringing back
with you all the
wonderful new feelings.
So coming back now
with 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
Eyes open when you're ready.